## About Us
We are a group of students studying at the German University in Cairo.The team consisted of three members; two of us are computer science and the third is a mechatronics student.

## About the project
The Project was designed as a course requirement as part of the “Computer Programming Lab” course. The aim was to get hands-on the Object Oriented programming concepts using Java.  The Project is a game developed purely in Java that simulate the real situation of a disaster, including different types of disasters affecting people and buildings and also simulating rescuing units such as the ambulance, fire trucks, evacuators, police cars, etc.. The project was based on a detailed requirement and design provided for the entire game as well as each milestone of it (Those files are attached with the project). The game helped the whole team to develop a good understanding and practice in OOP concepts such as inheritence, encapsulation, abstraction and polymorphism. In addition, it included a good part in developing exception classes and handling different kinds of user/built in exceptions. Finally, as a bonus the team developed a chatting application and a screen sharing application to help game players get help from other players on the same network in which threads were used minorly.
### Notes
While the project is self-contained and the game works perfectly and passed many tests including custom built tests (JUNIT tests that are attached to the project), the game GUI is not perfect and can be improved further, also according to the design received we developed the game, This means that further improvements in design and efficiency can be achieved. Finally, the whole team was awarded a grade of A+ in the course with an addition of having the full bonus grades awarded for exceptional network communication application (The only team to implement screen sharing in the networking bonus).  
